{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 ## QT participant notes\
p1 - Bowen: Only drank once. Time unknown. \
p2 - Phil: Fine.\
p3 - Phil: Fine.\
p4 - Phil: Only drank twice. Time unknown.\
p5 - Phil: Fine. \
p6 - Bowen: Fine.\
p7 - Tracy: Fine.\
p8 - \
p9 -\
p10 -\
p11 - Bowen: Fine.\
p12 - Bowen: Late. Very rushed. Seemingly impatient.\
p13 - Bowen: Fine.\
p14 - Bowen: Fine.\
p15 - Bowen: Fine.\
p16 - Bowen: Fine.\
p17 - Bowen: Went to bathroom at 2nd drink (block 8)\
p18 - Marina: Fine.\
p19 - Marina: Crashed before first drink. Restarted with no practice data.\
p20 - Bowen: Fine.\
p21 - Bowen: Fine.\
p22 - Bowen: Fine.\
p23 - Marina: Thought that colours effected her performance (orange more boring??)\
p24 - Marina: Changed first thirst rating from 4 to 3.\
p25 - Marina: Fine.\
p26 - First water participant. Bowen: Fine.\
p27 - Bowen: Did not know about drinking (probably did not fast). Maybe using phone during task\'85\
p28 - Marina: Fine.\
p29(1) - Marina: Computer froze just after first drink. Not able to restart due to time constraints.\
p29(2) - Marina: Fine.\
p30 - Marina: Fine.\
p31 - Marina: Fine.\
p32 - Marina: Computer froze just before second drink. Restarted without practice blocks.\
p33 - Marina: Fine.\
p34 - Marina: Fine.\
p35 - Marina: Changed first thirst rating to 5.\
p36 - Marina: Phone of the participant rang in the experiment.\
p37 - Marina: Fine.\
p38 - Marina: Fine.\
p39 - Marina: Fine.\
p40 - Marina: Fine.\
p41 - Marina: Fine.\
p42 - Marina: Arrived 40 minutes late, seems very impatient.\
p43 - Marina: I think he is the same guy as p37. Checked the name on the calendar and it\'92s the same\
p44 - Marina: Fine.\
p45 - Marina: Fine.\
p46 - Marina: Fine.\
p47 - Phil\
p48 - Marina: Fine.\
p49 - Marina: Changed the 2nd thirst rating to 9.\
p50 - Marina: Fine.}